Installation instructions Download the whole game file from Github or use the cellsverse.exe to play the game Add the project folder to Unity Hub Open Unity, build and run the game Run the executable file after building and you can play the game!

How to play our Game Invite your friends who are isolated at home under COVID-19 Open the interesting Cellverse game Creating the room and enters the room name Select your character, immune or bacteria Press the start button The first game of BO3 begin Use WASD to control the character movement Press Q, E, R to use skills. Do not keep spamming the skills as they cost mana and have cooldowns. Left click to shoot bullets and right click for melee As an immune cell, defeat the bacteria to defend the body!! As a bacteria, defeat the coming immune cell and take control of the organ!! But before that, absorb the blue dot nutrients randomly generated in the organ to make yourself stronger and better against your enemy. The damage circle shrinks after 90 seconds when the body is having inflammation. The body is causing high temperature which is trying to kill all living cells and damage both immune and bacteria. The second game of BO3 begin Destruct the block. Create a shortcut that brings you to an unexpected place and ambush your enemy. Be aware of a sudden attack from an unexpected angle!! Take the buff at the top of the map. Be aware of the AI which tries to attack both parties. The last game, sudden death Occupy the city and stay inside the blue area to get points. The first party that gets 60 scores will be the final winner. But don’t try to stay in the city for too long. Your opponent may absorb the nutrients that are mostly generated outside the city and become undefeatable. Decide the best strategy that lead you to the final victory. Invite your friend to play again for revenge.
